hey guys what's up welcome back to my
channel today I am doing a 10 healthy
foods that are always on my fridge and
any given time no matter what I'm doing
in my life always so that you guys can
get an idea of what are some good
staples you can keep in the fridge
whether you're tracking macros or not
whether you're trying to gain weight or
lose weight these are healthy foods that
you can eat every day they can help you
get your protein goals especially a lot
of them are pretty high protein and if
you are tracking your macros it makes it
so that you're not left with a huge
amount of protein by the end of the day
wondering how are you gonna get all that
protein in for the day and if you have
never heard of macros before or you've
heard of them but you're not really sure
what I mean when I'm saying it talking
about macronutrients these are your
proteins your fats and your
carbohydrates and there are the three
types of ways that we get energy from
food basically three food groups that
our calories come from so I have a list
I'm also gonna show you guys everything
inside the fridge it's gonna be a good
time also a couple announcements I know
a lot of you guys have been following my
personal 12-week fitness challenge and I
posted a big update on the blog
yesterday including all my progress
photos I'm on week 10 this week I'm down
6 pounds my lifts are up I'm feeling
stronger than ever and I'm just feeling
so good but I decided to share all that
on the blog including like nutrition
macros calories my workout routine all
of that stuff so if you're interested
check it out links will be in the
description as always if you read that
and you're like wow I really want to
learn about how I can start tracking
macros or how I can improve following
macros that I already have or calculate
for myself I have a workshop that I
would love to invite you to come to it
is different than the ones we do in the
past so just bear with me it is called
powerful macros and it's a macros
virtual workshop for petite women it's
gonna happen all online and it's gonna
be two way videos so I'll be able to
coach you if you have questions we're
gonna take you through a full workbook
of exercises to teach you how to track
and calculate your
as a petite woman specifically to reach
your goals whether that's fat loss or
weight gain muscle gain it you can do
whatever you want with macros that's why
it's sort of more of an art than a
science of course there are signs
involved but I'm gonna show you what
considerations there are for petite
women especially and it's just going to
be such a jam-packed information filled
a magazine workshop if you buy early
bird tickets you still get the replay
sent to as long as as well as the
workbook so you'll have that to do
either way you'll get the product so if
you want to learn more about that you
can tap the link below by the time you
guys see this early bird tickets will be
closed but because I love you guys and I
really want as many of you as possible
to feel like it's accessible and you can
join us I'm gonna give you a special
discount just for the YouTube fam so if
you click on the page you'll get a
discount if you type in the words just
the word YouTube okay so enter the code
in the discount when you're checking out
YouTube and you'll be able to get a
discount just for my YouTube family now
we can hop into it so you guys something
I have learned over the years I tracked
macros on and off for like the last five
years and specifically this last twelve
weeks I have been like really trying to
nail them and that's because I have a
very specific goal in mind and it's been
working really well for me and these are
the foods that I want you guys to
consider if you are really not sure what
to buy every week at the grocery store
this could just help you make some good
choices and help you get your protein up
in each meal protein is really really
important for petite women who are
working on lifting weights who are
looking to build their metabolism and
burn fat in the gym and that's because
protein helps you build muscle if you're
lifting weights and if you're lifting
weights that increases your Olien of
body mass and the more lean body mass
you have with a higher the more fat
you're gonna burn at rest just because
it naturally increases the number of
calories that you're burning doing
nothing like
and Chilean sleeping whatever's doing
nothing so high-protein is really
important from a kind of body
composition save weight but it's also
really important from a hormonal
standpoint and actually is going to shut
down your appetite hormones so you're
not craving as many snacks throughout
the day and if you have at least 20 to
30 grams of protein per meal I promise
you you should start to feel a lot more
satiated with every one of your meals so
it's got a lot of benefits and even if
you're vegan there is a way you know all
my vegan clients still get their protein
in so no matter what your dietary
restrictions you can still benefit from
increasing your protein in some way okay
it's the first thing and I always have
it doesn't actually count because it's
not in my fridge but I was like when I
was putting this together I was like I
can't not include this this is like such
a staple for me and you've probably
heard me say it so I can't leave it off
the list but vital proteins collagen
peptides this is a protein powder it's
really a collagen but collagen is a
protein so a lot of times people are
like oh should I get collagen or protein
collagen is protein as protein in it so
it's it's an amazing product because
here's why it is flavorless and truly
flavorless and it dissolves into
anything so you don't need a blender
that's what makes it a staple in my
pantry because I know you know sometimes
you only have vanilla or chocolate
protein powder in your pantry and you
don't have the other foods to go with
that flavor but with this I can mix it
with almond milk I can put it in a shake
I can put it in yogurt I can put it in
cottage cheese and like checks the mark
I'm good I'll get my protein in so that
would be probably my favorite product
that I just always have stocked in my
kitchen so next up I always have cottage
cheese
this could be weird for some people it's
like a texture thing you know like how
does she's just like mmm like drunkard
like I like a smaller curd I feel like
the bigger curd the weird like the more
questionable cottage cheese gets that's
just me I'll usually get a partial fat
cottage cheese and anything less than 2%
to me I just cannot how it like it's
just so I always have like a 2% cottage
cheese and I'll always have this with
like whatever fruit is in my fridge
whatever I buy that way you can taste
really good with apples like sliced up
apples and it has a lot of protein in
one serving about I think about I'm just
going off of what I remember but I think
about a cup has like 15 to 20 grams of
protein and cottage cheese so it's a
great source of protein i buy it every
week it just goes in my fridge as a
snack option okay next up if you guys
follow me on instagram you will know I
post this as my breakfast like every day
it is a Greek yogurt I usually get zero
percent fat because I'm getting fats
from other places I just prefer to get
my fats from things like cheese and egg
yolks rather than my yogurt but it's up
to you where you know if you'd rather
have a higher fat yogurt and cut fat
somewhere else
if you're trying to lose fat and you're
following macros I usually have a zero
percent yogurt usually PHY Hey
I love this yogurt because it tastes
good it tastes just like frozen yogurt
except not frozen because that's what it
is fact of the day you've got face it's
just good and I love what I mix it with
so it usually will mix it with some
granola usually do the blueberry kind
granola and banana and I add some chia
seeds and it's like the perfect snack
because the yogurt itself isn't sweet
but the toppings they put on it are
naturally sweet of course there's some
added sugar in the granola but it's a
good balance meal it also is really high
in protein so again having yogurt as a
snack is a great way to have a high
protein snack and you can add the carbs
and the fats the carbs coming from the
banana and the granola and the facts
coming from the chia seeds and also a
little bit a little bit of the granola
so that's also a huge
in my fridge which I kind of already
said this next one and it is also a
pantry item but granola I literally
always have some form of granola on hand
for a pre-workout meal or a post-workout
meal it's a really really fast digesting
carb which means it's has a height index
by seeming index lots and sugars so if
you have a workout you can really use
those sugars put them to use in the gym
and if you have those sugars after
workout it's going to help replenish
your glycogen stores aka all the sugars
are you just spent working out will get
replenished and that will help with your
muscle repair and muscle building
nutrition is really important especially
if you're lifting and you're trying to
build muscle and burn fat having those
higher sugary foods around your workout
times is a good idea so I always have
granola around for a pre or post-workout
snack I'll mix it with the yogurt like I
said and my favorite brand right now is
the kind who berry over it granola it's
just really really good ok next up in
terms of veggies so I've been trying to
sneak veggies into more of my meals and
what I've been finding helps make this
easier is keeping a plastic container of
spinach in my fridge at all times every
week i just-i spinach and a couple
peppers colored peppers like a bright
orange or yellow pepper these two
vegetables can be easily integrated into
a lot of meals increases the flavor it
makes it better if you like vegetables
if you like the taste
and it also adds bulk and volume to your
meal without adding a lot of calories so
you're getting the micronutrients these
are the vitamins and minerals in the
vegetables and you're adding some fiber
which is a type of carbohydrate that's
not metabolize it's really important for
helping your digest digestion and also
keeping you stated in full so the
spinach you can sneak that into eggs
really easily just fold it in while
you're cooking eggs scrambling eggs same
with the peppers I'll just dice them up
put them in a container and then
sprinkle them on whatever throughout the
week usually eggs or it can go in salads
it can just be like a little side salad
you make
and that way I'm just more likely to get
my vegetables in because I can easily
just go all day with eating all of my
proteins and get carbs from things like
granola and totally forget about my
fibrous carbs which are really important
for staying full and satiated
so spinach peppers make it really easy
to just add some vegetables to your day
okay some more carbs I have fallen in
love with Dave killers day of killers
Dave colors now it's Dave's killer bread
Dave's killer bread is so good I believe
it's a sprouted bread in any case it's a
high-protein bread it's delicious it
doesn't taste dry and gross it's like
good I almost said moist I know people
don't like that where it doesn't really
bother me but it's squishy it's
delicious it has seeds on it if you get
the good C it's one and I get this thin
sliced good seeds they just started
selling a whole food suddenly at least
of mine in Brooklyn I had not seen it at
Whole Foods previously but in any case
if you cannot find the Dave's killer
bread in your local grocery store you
can get it online or just search for it
in Ezekiel bread or sprouted bread so
you can get the same high protein in
your bread and I'll have this in the
morning
I'll have it an afternoon off at night I
just love bread and I'll try to
integrate it whenever I need some some
carbs and then one piece of fruit that I
like to have on top all the time and
this is a new thing for me I never used
to do this except when I used to be
competing for fencing I would have this
but I don't know I just went out of
phase of it bananas I love bananas
you're so naturally sweet you can put
them on anything I put them on yogurt
put them in my shakes almost every shape
tastes better with banana like let's be
real so I have been buying like ten
bananas each week and legitimately
eating all of them in a week
and helps fuel me for a workout again
it's a higher sugar fruits which could
be great for pre and post workout snacks
and good for shakes add some fiber to
your shake so that's another one that
I'll always buy and I know I'll find a
way to eat it throughout the day
now just to note here if you work in an
office banana wouldn't be like
best snack for breakfast alone or you
know a snack in the mid-afternoon alone
because it's a high sugar carb and if
you eat it and then you just sit down be
like we don't need to replenish any
glycogen stores it's just probably going
to be excess sugar that your body needs
to put in the fat stores so if you're
gonna eat it and you're not working out
maybe less of it but you can also pair
it with something like that yogurt
example this is what I call it eating
PFS protein fats and fibrous carbs so if
you have your yogurt protein that's the
protein you have banana which is the car
and you have your facts and the chia
seeds when you eat those all together
the sugars from the banana are going to
have less of a shocking response in your
body and when I say shocking I'm talking
about the insulin responses to sugar so
if you eat those high sugar carbs with a
protein and a fat it'll slow down the
sugar intake into the body and that's
going to help you minimize fat storage
okay so it'll keep your body in a more
fat-burning mode throughout the day
minimize your insulin response which is
a fat story of hormones so that's just a
note about bananas use them mostly when
you're working out and try to pair them
with something else if you have to have
it as a snack but just don't eat it
alone unless you're desperate just
because it's a high sugar it's now in
the final stretch here I'm gonna move to
my freezer because here's what I found
is has helped me achieve success with
being healthy throughout the week you
know how you order groceries and the
first few days you're like boom nailed
it like I'm meal prep for a few days
everything's on point and then you get
to Thursday and it's like happy hours
and you don't have any fresh meals left
and then you know things start to like
snowball what I find is about halfway
through the week or on Thursday I'm out
of fresh foods things are not as fresh
as Monday or Sunday I'll switch to using
frozen Goods and that still has just
kept me on track like it's so simple but
I'll just switch gears so if you have
frozen veggies in your freezer you can
just take them out and heat them up like
a frozen medley or broccoli that way
it's also cheaper
but that way you can still stay on track
with your goals and you don't have to
grocery shop like two times per week
I'll do my grocery shopping on Sunday I
order it on Amazon Prime from Whole
Foods delivered it's the same stuff
every week unless I really change it up
so it's easy and the big hack here is
I'll take say I order some kind of meat
either maybe say I order like chicken
breast to be really playing boring um
I'll take some of those and cook them
for the week and then I'll take the
other half rinse them off put them in
plastic bags and freeze them and then on
Friday night I'll take them out and thaw
them and Saturday I can cook them and
it's like I have new meals again I made
it for Gary and he was like this is
insane
like I don't even know why it tastes so
good but just buying thin sliced chicken
putting it with a little olive oil and
rubbing it with spices and just cooking
it on a pan without covering it in the
oven at 350 degrees for 12 minutes makes
a really nice juicy chicken that's all
I've been doing and I've been adding
that to chicken tacos and it's been
great so I always have a frozen meat in
my fridge my freezer in case I need to
do thaw it and then cook it the next day
if my meal prep ran out so those were
the top 10 foods I always have in my
fridge freezer or pantry I hope you guys
enjoyed that and learn something new if
you did please give this video a thumbs
up and it just helps support the short
cut bang helped support my channel and
me I'd really appreciate it and
subscribe for more content tailored to
petite women lastly if you do want to
come to this workshop again I got you
guys a discount
it is YouTube that's the discount code
but if you want to enter you can go to
the description below and click on the
powerful macros link and this this
workshops gonna be so amazing I've never
done anything like it before and I would
love to have you there if you want to
learn more about portion sizes for
petite and fat loss muscle gain and just
changing your body composition
you'll get one-on-one coaching with me
on the group call and it's just gonna be
super fast so I hope you guys have a
great rest of your day and I'll see you
next week
[Music]